[Music]
ten legal ways to make money fast you
have a well-established routine you go
to work spend the weekends with your
relatives or friends and in most cases
don't expect any dirty tricks but
sometimes life can get a bit
unpredictable things you never expected
can happen at any moment your car can
break down that long forgotten tooth
with a cavity might decide to remind you
of the necessity of visiting your
dentist or an acquaintance can invite
you to their birthday party out of the
blue and now you find yourself on the
horns of a dilemma either you ignore the
problem or look for somebody to lend you
some money but in fact there is one more
solution you can earn the money you need
in this video you'll learn about ten
legal ways to get some money bronto 10
sell something you no longer need look
around the house how long has it been
since you touch that guitar 2 years hmm
are you sure this musical instrument is
of the utmost importance to you and what
about that old smartphone you bought a
new one but who says your previous phone
can't serve somebody else actually in
any apartment or house there are plenty
of things that the owners don't use
anymore you can sell your old stuff on
the internet and make some quick money
choose things you don't need right now
or at all they should be valuable enough
and in high demand good examples are
books CDs and DVDs video games jewelry
gadgets and gift cards that haven't been
used 9 become a driver
wait don't object yet this doesn't mean
you have to change your profession it
just means that if you have a relatively
new car and a clean driving record
you can join nuber or lyft think of the
benefits you'll be able to work at any
time that's convenient for you you can
also combine this part-time job with
your main occupation if you have
insomnia that has been caused by your
monetary problems you can even work at
night you'll kill two birds with one
stone earn extra money and entertain
yourself during sleepless nights eight
sell your hair let's say you have
beautiful healthy and rather long hair
lucky you but you also need to make some
money urgently this is the moment when
you have to make a choice hair salons
and online marketplaces are ready to pay
hundreds of dollars to get your hair
think about it not only will you get
some much-needed cash but you'll also
bring joy to a person who lacks their
own hair
food for thought the longer your hair is
the more it costs if you can make about
$100 for 10 inches of your tresses
strands that are 30 inches long will
earn you more than $1,000 7 maybe sit or
walk dogs depending on which you deal
with better dogs or kids you can choose
one of these two activities there are
special online networks where dog owners
can search for dog walkers some people
place ads on social media or you can
visit your neighbors and offer your
services if you're serious and
responsible enough you can build a good
reputation for yourself and who knows
maybe it will come in handy in the
future as for babysitting such services
are in constant demand there's also
different internet sites where parents
look for people who can look after their
little ones either for one evening or on
a more permanent basis 6 donate plasma
if you're a healthy individual over the
age of 18 and not older than 65 you can
donate plasma this is a blood component
you won't need to undergo any terrifying
procedures however intriguing the word
plasma may sell in fact the extraction
of plasma is the plain old process of
having your blood drawn after that the
plasma is separated as for your red
blood cells they are safely returned to
your body in most regions you can't
officially sell your plasma however
you're compensated for the time you
spend donating in the USA the sum of
money you can earn can reach
approximately $200 a month you just need
to check in with your local plasma
center 5 use your car to advertise
different companies if you have a car
you can not only work for uber but also
earn money in a pretty easy way all you
need to do is turn your car into a
moving advertising billboard and get
your money there are several websites
that connect companies and famous brands
with drivers if you have a fairly new
car and a clean driving record
you can even receive an agreed monthly
payment from the company that has placed
its ad on your vehicle but don't forget
that in this case you'll need to drive
quite a lot so that people can see the
ad for recycle for a refund in some
states in the US deposit centers pay up
to 10 cents when you return a can or a
bottle that you've used that doesn't
seem like a lot but try to collect all
and we mean it all bottles and cans that
have gathered at your place for years if
you don't care what others think look
for additional treasures and parks along
busy roads and even in trash cans look
at it this way you are helping the
environment and solving your problems
with money there's one more smart tip
for how to get as many cans and bottles
as possible when you're pressed for time
organize a bring your own drink party at
your place when it's over happily
estimate how much cash you'll get for
all those cans and bottles
three decorate homes let's admit it
there are lots of holidays in our lives
fourth of July New Year's Eve Christmas
Easter birthdays and other celebrations
unfortunately or perhaps fortunately for
you many people don't have enough time
to deal with decorating their home
that's when Superman or superwoman aka
you appears you can decorate trees and
bushes in the garden put up lights
inside and outside prepare games and do
multiple other tasks to find clients use
social media special sites and local
networks remember to ask your friends
relatives colleagues and neighbors as
well to rent out your room if you have
several bedrooms in your house but lack
money consider the possibility of
renting out a spare room you can find a
nice person to share your accommodation
in this way you'll have a substantial
addition to your monthly income one more
way to use extra space in your home can
be found by renting out a room on Airbnb
this is a cool platform where tourists
search for a condo or a room for the
period of their stay this option can be
extremely profitable for you if you live
in a tourist destination if you're
desperate for money you can even rent
out your whole condo or house and stay
with friends or relatives for a while 1
participate in market research
this is a pretty easy way to make some
quick money of course you won't get
millions or even thousands but you won't
have to spend long hours earning this
money either the reason is that many
companies have an acute need for
customers opinions on the services they
provide for the products that they make
you need to test these services or
products first after that you share your
impressions most often in written form
by filling in different questionnaires
polls or surveys you may also need to
take part in discussions in special
online groups
the process may differ from company to
company but the main idea remains the
same you make extra money quickly if you
never know where to find additional
sources of income when you needed money
urgently give this video a like and if
you've been able to get some extra cash
at least once tell us in the comments
how you managed to do it remember to
subscribe to our channel perhaps
tomorrow we'll post the video you've
been waiting for forever stay with us on
the bright side of life
[Music]